Chimer runs away from the apartment together with Midori to live over at Nell's place a couple kilometers away. They then proceed to talk about the occurances that had happened over the week. The murders, magical appearances, and Ketsueki especially, were all a mystery to the trio. Chimer heads off to train for any upcoming attack while Midori and Nell both do their investigations.

Jogging out in the streets and lifting weights at the gym, Chimer tones and prepares his body for the future. He then enrolls in martial arts training, where his coach was kind and relaxed-a contrast to other coaches in martial arts where they are strict. As Chimer lands fist after fist into the sandbag, he suddenly feels a powerful energy surging through him. Landing one punch into the bag, a white spark rips the bag open and sends a gust of wind in all directions, leaving Chimer in confusion. However, he sees this as a sign for potential and continues training harder.

As Chimer is training at the rooftop, a popular boxer and friend, Joaquin, walks in to see him. Initially, he is confused from seeing Chimer train for the first time, but soon understands as Chimer explains his situation to him. Joakin helps Chimer train as he as well trains with him for the future. However, something comes up on the radio that causes Chimer panic within him.

Chimer immediately heads down the rooftop and out of the building, running as fast as he could to Pixlbyte Studios. As soon as he arrives, he immediately sees the building up in flames, with Lena lying nearby, blood pooling around her. Lena confesses her love for Chimer, which ignites a flame within him. As Lena passes on, Chimer heads home in a fit of rage, instructing Nell and Midori to find out who the people after him are. As Chimer continues training, he gets news from Nell that they've made an agreement with the local police department, firing him up even more.

Months pass and Nell, Midori, and the local police eventually find out the group's hideout in a mountain. Turns out, the secret group was called The Veil, and their mission was to assassinate those with the potential for magic. After discovering the truth behind this group, Chimer sets out, with the police, to eliminate this group once and for all. However, arriving at the hideout, he finds his old rival Zack leading the pack.