C-1. I Woke Up
    I. Chimer at Home
        A. Chimer has a dream.
            1. Chimer has a dream where he sees his future companions dying.
            2. He then sees Hyfriz, a future villain, attempting to grab him.
            3. He wakes up before that happens and finds himself back in his room.
        B. Chimer gets ready.
            1. He passes by his old photo where he was smiling.
            2. He goes to the bathroom and brushes his teeth before heading back to his room to get ready.
    II. Chimer outside.
        A. Chimer on the streets
            1. He passes by the usual crowd of people.
            2. He passes by a cafe where the barista greets him, he responds with a tired tone.
        B. Chimer on the train
            1. He hops onto the train and sees a couple proposing to each other.
            2. He tries to use his earbuds, only to realize they're dead.
            3. He hops off and sees a mysterious woman with red attire
    III. Chimer in the building
        A. Chimer meets with the receptionist
            1. The receptionist greets Chimer but he responds, tired.
            2. The receptionist continues her cheerful attitude despite the cold response from Chimer.
        B. Chimer starts working
            1. Chimer opens his email to find Zack telling him to work.
            2. Chimer goes to grab a coffee but bumps into Zack
            3. Zack bumps into Chimer, making him spill his coffee
            4. Chimer returns to work.
        C. The manager notices
            1. The manager notices Chimer's diligent work and gets worried for him.
            2. He takes a briefcase full of cash, planning to give it to Chimer.
            3. Zack watches him from the opening in the door.

C-2. I'm tired.
    I. Chimer finishes his work
        A. Chimer meets again with the receptionist
        B. Chimer goes outside.
    II. Chimer gets jumped by assassins
        A. Chimer gets shoved by assassins
        B. Chimer gets scared
        C. Chimer remembers his past interaction with a woman
        D. He accepts his death
    III. Chimer gets saved by a mysterious person in white
        A. A mysterious person in white lands behind him
        B. Chimer gets determination in him
        C. The mysterious person in white kills the assassins
        D. Lena comes out and takes Chimer to safety
            1. Lena brings news that Zack had been sent to prison for the attack.
        E. Chimer encounters Nell

C-3. I Saw Her Again
    I. Chimer talks with Nell
        A. They talk about old times
        B. They suddenly talk about the "incident"
    II. Chimer sees the woman in red again
        A. Chimer talks to the woman in red
        B. Chimer questions the katana on her waist
    III. Chimer follows her
        A. Chimer witnesses the woman in red murdering a secret group of people
        B. Chimer tries to run but the rest of the group surround him
        C. He gets saved by the woman in red
        D. The woman in red disappears and Chimer is found by Nell.

C-4. I'm Curious
    I. Chimer heads back home
        A. Chimer starts investigating the occurances.
        B. Midori, his roommate, walks into him investigating some photos of the scenes.
        C. Midori questions his investigation but Chimer keeps quiet.
    II. Chimer heads out to find out more clues
        A. He goes back to the alleyway and picks up a random white piece of cloth.
        B. He goes back to the forest only to find a white mark on the exact tree where Ketsueki disappeared.
    III. Chimer catches another glimpse into the future.
        A. Chimer touches the white mark and gets transported into a void for a split second, only being able to see four individuals with their faces blocked by some corrupted effect.
            1. One is Ketsueki
            2. The other is the man in white
            3. Another is a man in black with a flaming black head
            4. The last is a woman in green with the ears of a fox.
        B. He gets scared and flees back to his home.
        C. Chimer finds Midori sleeping on the couch, but an ominous voice calls to him.

C-5. I Spoke with the Shadow
    I. Chimer speaks to the figure
        A. Chimer questions his arrival
        B. The figure reveals his knowledge about Chimer
        C. Chimer gets angry and accidentally wakes Midori up
    II. Midori wakes up
        A. Midori wakes up from the noise
        B. Midori sees Sah and gets scared
    III. Sah reveals his identity
        A Sah properly introduces himself    
        B. Sah tells Chimer about his past as a Human and a Voider
        C. Sah warns Chimer about future dangers
    IV. The secret group of men from before attack the apartment.
        A. They barge in through the door with weapons, surprising Chimer and Midori but not Sah as he stands there
        B. They start interrogating Sah, and take Midori hostage
        C. Sah gets angry and kills all of the men.
        D. Sah walks out the apartment and disappears like nothing happened

C-6. I'm Confused.
    I. Chimer runs away from the apartment
		A. Chimer takes Midori and runs off to Nell's Home
		B. They talk about the incidents
	II. A neighbor knocks on the door
		A. Chimer opens the door and finds Lena standing outside.
		B. Lena tells Chimer everything about the incident at Pixlbyte Studios
		C. The trio discover about Zack's imprisonment and his last words.
			1. "Some people are just born dangerous. Not because they want to be—just because the world doesn’t know what to do with them. One day, someone's gonna clean up that mess!"
	III. Chimer heads off to train
		A. Flashbacks hit him: the attack, Sah’s words, Lena’s fear, Zack’s smirk.
		B. Chimer, for the first time, commits to preparing himself—not for revenge, but to protect those still alive.

C-7. I Feel strong
	I. Chimer starts his training
		A. Chimer jogs out on the streets, occationally sprinting when recalling Sah's words.
		B. Recalling Zack's last words before arrest, Chimer punches the walls of a nearby skating rink.
			1. His form shows no martial arts knowledge
			2. He casually pauses from the pain
	II. Chimer stumbles upon a martial arts gym
		A. He finds a gym in the city and finds Marvin, a martial artist coach.
		B. Chimer talks to Marvin about his situation and Marvin agrees to train him.
	III. Chimer starts training martial arts
        A. He starts rusty but quickly becomes accustomed to the moves.
        B. He starts sparring with Marvin, even managing to hit him once after 3 weeks of training.
	IV. Realization
        A. As Chimer punches the sand bag, anger starts boiling within him from recalling Zack's taunts and last words.
        B. Suddenly, after landing one punch on the bag, the bag breaks and rips in a white flash, leaving Chimer confused.
        C. Marvin finds this intriguing, while Chimer finds this a sign of untapped potential.

C-8. I'm Scared
    Summary:
    As Chimer is training at the rooftop, a popular boxer and friend, Joaquin, walks in to see him. Initially, he is confused from seeing Chimer train for the first time, but soon understands as Chimer explains his situation to him. Joakin helps Chimer train as he as well trains with him for the future. However, something comes up on the radio that causes Chimer panic within him.

C-9. I Feel the Rain.
    Summary:
    Chimer immediately heads down the rooftop and out of the building, running as fast as he could to Pixlbyte Studios. As soon as he arrives, he immediately sees the building up in flames, with Lena lying nearby, blood pooling around her. Lena confesses her love for Chimer, which ignites a flame within him. As Lena passes on, Chimer heads home in a fit of rage, instructing Nell and Midori to find out who the people after him are. As Chimer continues training, he gets news from Nell that they've made an agreement with the local police department, firing him up even more.

C-10. Im Furious.
    Summary:
    Months pass and Nell, Midori, and the local police eventually find out the group's hideout in a mountain. Turns out, the secret group was called The Veil, and their mission was to assassinate those with the potential for magic. After discovering the truth behind this group, Chimer sets out, with the police, to eliminate this group once and for all. However, arriving at the hideout, he finds his old rival Zack leading the pack.